Title: Claims Assessor
Company: Canada Life Group Services (Irish Life Group)
URL: https://life-careers.com/irishlife/job/Dublin-Claims-Assessor-Income-Protection/1428432133/

We use cookies to offer you the best possible website experience. Your cookie preferences will be stored in your browser’s local storage. This includes cookies necessary for the website's operation. Additionally, you can freely decide and change any time whether you accept cookies or choose to opt out of cookies to improve the website's performance, as well as cookies used to display content tailored to your interests. Your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer may be impacted if you do not accept all cookies.
Modify Cookie Preferences
Reject All Cookies
Accept All Cookies
Skip to main content
Our Group
Career Streams
Actuarial, Finance & Audit
Compliance, Legal & Risk
Customer Support Services
Early Careers
Financial Planning, Sales & Advice
Graduate & Internships
HR & Facilities
IT, Digital & Analytics
Investments
Marketing & Innovation
See All Roles
How we Hire
Our Benefits
My Profile
Select how often (in days) to receive an alert:
Create Alert
Apply now »
Claims Assessor - Income Protection
Location:
Dublin, IE
Company:
Irish Life Financial Services Limited
Full Time Permanent position
Hybrid role based in our City Centre offices
What we offer
We have embraced a hybrid working model for most of our positions, which means that you can enjoy a balanced approach of working from home for part of the week and working from the office for the remainder of the week.
We offer a comprehensive benefits package including competitive salaries and bonuses, robust Learning and Development support, excellent Defined Contribution pension and comprehensive Wellbeing initiatives and support to name but a few.
Further details on our benefits package can be accessed here  Benefits (life-careers.com)
At Irish Life, our purpose is to help people build better futures. Our company values shape everything we do and underpin our vision of being the driving force behind Ireland’s financial, physical, and mental well-being.
We believe in doing the right thing —acting with integrity and making fair, responsible decisions. We aim high , setting ambitious goals and find better ways to innovate and improve. Our customers are at the heart of everything we do and we are dedicated to understanding their needs and exceeding their expectations.  Achieving this this is only possible when we work best together —in a supportive, collaborative environment where every idea and contribution is valued.
Role Overview
Reporting to the Claims or Underwriting Manager you will:
• Take full ownership of complex, sensitive, and higher-value cases within delegated authority, delivering hight quality, fair and consistent decisions
• Apply sound judgement to balance customer needs, commercial priorities, and governance standards
• Act as a senior technical reference point, providing coaching, guidance, and peer review to strengthen capability and consistency
• Drive process and digital initiatives, supporting the implementation of improved tools, workflows, and decision frameworks to enhance efficiency and customer experience
• Monitor and report on service performance metric when required, providing actionable insights to management and contributing to governance reviews, audits, and technical forum
• Foster a culture of collaboration, curiosity, and continuous improvement, actively building team capability and reviewing practices to enable improved service and customer experience, using Team Vision framework
What you will need to be successful in the role
• Have a proven experience in Claims (IP/Protection) and/or Underwriting, with strong track record of case ownership and delivering excellent service
• Demonstrated leadership, with a coaching mindset to support team learning and development
• Accountability for managing cases end to end, ensuring quality, timeliness and positive outcomes for customer and the business
• Ability to balance service, customer, commercial, and compliance considerations in decision-making, underpinned by high commercial awareness and sound judgment
• Strong understanding of medical, contractual, and risk frameworks, as well as the broader regulatory environment
• Evidence of contributing to process or digital improvement initiatives – e.g. digital enablement, or workflow/process optimisation
• Excellent communication and influencing skills, with a track record of collaborating across teams and engaging senior colleagues
• Experience in managing complex adviser or customer queries, including appeals, legal, or FSO-related cases
• Curiosity about emerging medical, digital, and data developments shaping the future of decision-making
• Experience of working closely with reassurers and CMOs
• Proactive and growth oriented, dedicated to continuous improvement and effective collaboration.
•Committed to achieving the Service objectives and contributing to the realisation of the Team Vision goals.
•Diploma in Life & Disability Claims (DLDC), QFA, or equivalent qualification meeting Minimum Competency Code requirements
•Alignment with Irish Life’s values
About us
Irish Life is one of Ireland’s largest financial institutions with a presence across a range of financial services markets.  We are one of Ireland’s leading financial services groups with over 1.5 million customers. For over 80 years, we’ve been helping people to look after their life insurance, pension and investment needs, and more recently their health insurance.
It is a subsidiary of Great-West Lifeco and a member of the Power Financial Corporation group of companies.
We are proud of our culture of developing and supporting the growth and professional development of our people. The focus has resulted in a team of top talent with high standards, positioning us at the forefront of our industry.
The company reserves the right to draw up a shortlist as part of the selection process.  Where Agency assistance is required the Irish Life Recruitment Team will engage directly with suppliers. Unsolicited CVs / profiles supplied to Irish Lif